ah welcome to another installment
commonly asked questions gotten quite a
few questions lately that have kind of
rolled in from various people so I
thought I would take a few moments and
answer those these are for the juggler
and non juggler alike to help me answer
some of these questions I've got with me
Chris yo yeah right and I've got Chris
very good let's get right to it first
question I get is hey doesn't wearing
glasses bother you when you juggling
when you are juggling and the answer is
yes oh it sucks yes he's as eloquently
as he put it correct if you don't
believe that wear glasses when you were
practicing juggling does suck then go
and check out the four club face bash
you'll see that one that would not have
happened if it weren't for the fact that
i was wearing glasses eyewear many now
because I don't really like contacts
next question is what kind of props do
you use Chris since you're standing
there why don't you tell us what's on
that Prop rack okay I like to use a club
spy renegade I prefer the air flight
rings and four bowls I use something
called Furby you know why we just give
the information at the end of the video
okay yes I think that's a good idea yes
we'll put that information up at the end
of this video um next up is what's with
words like wimpy and cats Cade and
fountain well in essence those words are
all used to describe juggling patterns
I'd say what here's what we'll do very
briefly to demonstrate with each of
those
looks like woodlings take a padding and
try to run that for you know eight to
ten catches or something so you can see
this which one I don't want with me of
course you don't want wimpy why don't
you take cascade I'll be wimpy and press
over here you'll do fountain okay good
all right go
nicely done we'd start for me you'll
notice basically wimpy thrown at the
same time and they cross they are a
synchronous that is a synchronous
pattern fountain is asynchronous inside
outside circles with each hand and
cascade is not one that's usually done
with even numbers of props which is why
he just demonstrated it using three
balls last question is which jugglers do
you admire the most let's start a
difference I like Pat McGuire and J
Dilla it's in very good answers two very
good answers I for my own sake would say
that I admire the skills of either to
sell and i also like Michael Charis
because I like the way he mixes some
good juggling with really really good
dance movements body moves that sort of
thing and Chris what about Jason Gore
feel right no surprise there alright so
there you go commonly asked questions
keep them coming by
you